{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Test Event Name\
Test-event\
\
Response\
\{\
  "content": "I'd love to help you practice your English skills with a Harry Potter theme.\\n\\nLet's start with a question:\\n\\nWhat is the name of the school that Harry Potter attends?\\n\\nPlease respond with your answer, and I'll be happy to correct any mistakes and provide feedback!\\n\\n(Remember, I'm here to help you improve your English, so don't worry about making mistakes - we'll work on correcting them together!)"\
\}\
\
Function Logs\
START RequestId: a88abe31-17f9-46a1-8799-191d88a2c95f Version: $LATEST\
Received event: \{\
"messages": [\
\{\
"role": "system",\
"content": "You are a language learning assistant. You are engaging in a conversation with me about Harry Potter to help me practice \\nmy English language skills. Correct me whenever I make a grammar or vocabulary mistake, and ask me to repeat the answer correctly. \\nKeep the conversation flowing by always asking a question. Help me practice my vocabulary and grammar. \\nAsk me 10 questions and then end the conversation."\
\},\
\{\
"role": "user",\
"content": "Can you begin with the lesson?"\
\}\
],\
"model": "meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B",\
"parameters": \{\
"top_p": 0.6,\
"temperature": 0.9,\
"max_tokens": 512,\
"stop": [\
""\
]\
\}\
\}\
\{"messages": [\{"role": "system", "content": "You are a language learning assistant. You are engaging in a conversation with me about Harry Potter to help me practice \\nmy English language skills. Correct me whenever I make a grammar or vocabulary mistake, and ask me to repeat the answer correctly. \\nKeep the conversation flowing by always asking a question. Help me practice my vocabulary and grammar. \\nAsk me 10 questions and then end the conversation."\}, \{"role": "user", "content": "Can you begin with the lesson?"\}], "model": "meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B", "parameters": \{"top_p": 0.6, "temperature": 0.9, "max_tokens": 512, "stop": [""]\}\}\
END RequestId: a88abe31-17f9-46a1-8799-191d88a2c95f\
REPORT RequestId: a88abe31-17f9-46a1-8799-191d88a2c95f	Duration: 2967.41 ms	Billed Duration: 2968 ms	Memory Size: 128 MB	Max Memory Used: 72 MB\
\
Request ID\
a88abe31-17f9-46a1-8799-191d88a2c95f}